_friends-of-the-parks-groups/Friends of Rail Corridor.md, before:

---
title: Friends of Rail Corridor
permalink: /forc/
description: ""
---
![Alt text for image on Isomer site](/images/FoRC.jpg)
*FoRC leading the first round of habitat
enhancement and stream restoration efforts
for Rail Corridor (Central) in 2018*

![Alt text for image on Isomer site](/images/FoRC%202.png)
*FoRC leading Rail Corridor-themed programmes and
activities for the Remembering Rail Corridor event in 2019*


Friends of Rail Corridor (FoRC) was officially formed in 2017 to cultivate active community stewardship towards the Rail Corridor as a shared community space.

Open to all members of the public, the Friends of Rail Corridor community comprises passionate members from diverse backgrounds, such as nature, heritage and recreational groups, as well as academics, students and residents who live near the Rail Corridor. The community serves as a platform for ground-up initiatives and community-organised activities to activate spaces along the Rail Corridor. Friends of Rail Corridor also works closely with agencies to contribute to the development of community involvement, landscaping work, habitat enhancement, and designs and treatments for heritage structures.

The Friends of Rail Corridor community has come up with the following vision to guide their initiatives:

The Rail Corridor is a natural and continuous green passage connecting our past and present, and a lifeline for people and wildlife. We have a collective responsibility to protect its unique character and promote its heritage for diverse communities.

Commit message:

{"message":"Update file: Friends of Rail Corridor.md","fileName":"Friends of Rail Corridor.md","userId":"151"}

_friends-of-the-parks-groups/Friends of Rail Corridor.md, after:

---
title: Friends of Rail Corridor
permalink: /forc/
description: ""
---
![](/images/frc%20group%20photo4_nparks.jpg)

Friends of Rail Corridor (FoRC) was officially formed in 2017 to cultivate active community stewardship towards the Rail Corridor as a shared community space.

Open to all members of the public, the Friends of Rail Corridor community comprises passionate members from diverse backgrounds, such as nature, heritage and recreational groups, as well as academics, students and residents who live near the Rail Corridor. The community serves as a platform for ground-up initiatives and community-organised activities to activate spaces along the Rail Corridor. Friends of Rail Corridor also works closely with agencies to contribute to the development of community involvement, landscaping work, habitat enhancement, and designs and treatments for heritage structures.

The Friends of Rail Corridor community has come up with the following vision to guide their initiatives:

The Rail Corridor is a natural and continuous green passage connecting our past and present, and a lifeline for people and wildlife. We have a collective responsibility to protect its unique character and promote its heritage for diverse communities.

![](/images/frc_meeting%20on%2013%20april%202023_nparks.jpg)
*FRC meeting in 2023*

![](/images/frc_heritage%20workshop%20in%20june%202022_nparks.jpg)
*FRC heritage workshop in 2022*

![](/images/frc_tree%20planting%20on%201%20july%202021_nparks.jpg)
*FRC tree planting activity in 2021*
